 Thank you. Welcome to you both. It's wonderful to have you. It's an honor to have you both here tonight. We have inflation like very few people have ever seen before. Probably the worst in our nation's history. This has been a disaster for people, for the middle class, but for every class. Donald Trump left us the worst unemployment since the Great Depression. And what we have done is clean up Donald Trump's mess. She's a Marxist. Everybody knows she's a Marxist. Her father is a Marxist professor in economics. And he taught her well. But her vice presidential pick says abortion in the ninth month is absolutely fine. He also says execution after birth. It's execution no longer abortion because the baby is born is okay. And that's not okay with me. One does not have to abandon their face or deeply held back. Or deeply held beliefs to agree. The government and Donald Trump certainly should not be telling a woman what to do with her body. Pregnant women who want to carry a pregnancy to term, suffering from a miscarriage, being denied care in an emergency room because the healthcare providers are afraid they might go to jail. And she's bleeding out in a car in the parking lot. She didn't want that. Her husband didn't want that. In Springfield, they're eating the dogs. The people that came in. They're eating the cats. They're eating the pets of the people that live there. And this is what's happening in our country. Again, the Springfield City Manager says there's no evidence of that vice president here. So I'll let you respond to the rest of what you've heard. You talk about extreme. Are you now acknowledging that you've lost in 20-20? No, I don't acknowledge it at all. But, you know that. It was said, oh, we lost by our whisker. That was said sarcastically. Mr. President, thank you. Vice President Harris, you heard the president there tonight. He said he didn't say that. That he lost by whisker. So he still believes he did not lose the election. That was won by President Biden and yourself. Donald Trump was fired by 81 million people. So let's be clear about that. And clearly he is having a very difficult time processing that. World leaders are laughing at Donald Trump. I have talked with military leaders, some of whom work with you. And they say you're a disgrace. Understand what it would mean if Donald Trump were back in the White House with no guardrails. Because certainly we know now the court won't stop him. We know JD Vance is not going to stop him. It's up to the American people. We got to get you. This is the one that weaponized. Not me. She weaponized. I probably took a bullet to their head because of the things that they say about me. They talk about democracy. I'm a threat to democracy. There the threat to democracy. So I think you've heard tonight two very different visions for our country. One that is focused on the future. And the other that is focused on the past. And an attempt to take us backward. But we're not going back. They've had three and a half years to create jobs. And all the things we talked about. Why hasn't she done it? The worst president, the worst vice president in the history of our country.